Help Menu
University App  -  May 2020 -Designet to make students' life easier and performance better...

Dear User,
       This system is intended for academic use.Its main goal is to help students be
  more organized.
        Functionalities:
    1.Search Available Courses - this button will redirect you to a new window tha will
       contain the table of courses that you can take based your major and minor, 
       and the table of your actual courses. By clicking in the desired row of a table 
       or by manually entering the course ID into the textfield you can add or drop the
       course that you want.

   2.Check Course Details - this button will redirect you to the window of all courses.
       There are two tables.The first one lists all courses offered in the current semester,
       while the second one lists all the participants of the course. You can either  click  the 
       course in the table or enter its ID manually to see the details.
         
  3.See All Students - this window will give you the possibility to see all students of the
     university. You can click on the table to select a student and then press the Add Friend
     button to that student to your friends list. You can search for students by entering their
     name and then pressing the Search button. If you want to see all students simply press
     Display All button.

  4.See My Friends - this button will redirect you to a window that will show all your friends.
     By clicking a friend in the Friends Table you are going to check the friends' course list.

  5.Update Profile- this window will allow you to change your name, your surname and age.
     After th emodifications press Update button.

  6.Log out- this will sign you out and close the application.

  7.Go to Course - this button will redirect you to the course age where you can check the
     the course details, read the comments of  students and add comments if you want. You 
     go to courses that are in your course list only. You can select the course from the table 
     and then click the button.

 If there are any issues, please e-mail at dorielag18@gmail.com or dorielagrabocka@unyt.edu.al.
    
 We hope you enjoy your experience here!
 BEST WISHES!